I have one last major content patch for Electro that I want to do to for the next version update. I would like to add another higher
tier of ore processing as it will allow me to finish fleshing out the gas system as a concept as well as help diversify us a bit from
Mekanism. There's nothing wrong with the sulfuric acid method we have now, however it has always felt a little on the nose so to speak.
However that's beside the point. 

My concept is an ore processing method based around electricity, that being electrolysis. Ore processing in mods is typically limited
by a scant resource like Mekanism's 5x needing sulfur which is non-replenishable. However. my concept is this one will be limited by 
how much power you can throw at it. IMO this fits a mod based around realistic electricity rather well.

My process idea is this:

Make Aqua Regia.
A) We add atmospheric gas collection via a new Block called the "Gas Collector". I plan to make the block use JSON recipes so that way the 
dependent mods can add their own gases should they need it. This gets us the Nitrogen Gas needed for Nitric Acid.
B) Add a block called the "Chemical Reactor". It is a 1x1x3 block that accepts two item inputs, two fluid inputs, and two gas inputs and can
produce up to two items, two fluids, and two gases. This allows us to have myriads of new recipes involving gases as well as new fluid recipes 
perhaps without needing to add tons of new machines. Electro is supposed to be a base mod, so IMO this is a good compromise.
C) The Nitric Acid and Hydrochloric Acid are made using the Chemical Reactor. We already have Salt and Hydrogen Gas. I would like to make
the acids at the least a two step process as compared to Sulfuric which is currently a one step process.
D) The Aqua Regia is made combining the two acids in the Chemical Reactor.
E) I would also like to insert the Chemical Reactor into the current Sulfuric Process (hear me out please). It would only be one step, 
that being a washing step with the Sulfate <insert ore name> Fluid with water. The washing step would produce Pure <insert ore name> Solution 
as well as Sulfuric Acid. The Pure <insert ore name> Solution would then be processed in the Chemical Crystallizer as per usual. This allows 
us to move the Sulfuric Acid regeneration step to a spot that is more controllable verses its current spot with with the Mineral Crusher. 
Instead of having to balance RNG around 5 items, you can be precise with a single recipe iteration.
Wash the ores in Aqua Regia using the Mineral Washer, producing Royal <insert ore name> Solution.

The Royal Solution is combined with water in the Chemical Reactor to produce Cruse <insert ore name> Compound and Aqua Regia. The trick
is the washing process will produce the exact amount of Aqua Regia that went in. 

The Crude <insert ore name> Compound is combined with Sulfuric Acid in the Chemical Reactor to make Dirty <insert ore name> Compound.

The Dirty <insert ore name> Compound is combined with water in the Chemical Reactor to make Pure <insert ore name> Compound and the
same amount of Sulfuric Acid that went in as well as a byproduct perhaps. This allows for Sulfuric Acid to still be an integral part of
the process but not feel like its just there to be there.

The Pure <insert ore name> Compound is processed in a new block called the Electrolysis Chamber along with an electode of the metal in
question. This is where the balance to the process comes in. The Electrolysis Chamber does not have a processing time based on ticks, 
but rather how much power it can receive. In other words, the more power you throw at it, the faster it goes. Granted, it will need to be
a lot of power to make it go fast in order for it to be balanced. 
A) I envision the electrodes to have infinite durability, as having them lose durability is a nuisance mechanic IMO and doesn't add anything
beneficial to the game.
B) The Electrolysis Chamber produces Pure <insert ore name> Solution which is then inserted into the Chemical Crystallizer.

So there, a late game ore-processing method that doesn't add a dozen new machines, fits the mod well, and uses the existing machines you need
for the current 5x, so none of them become obsolete. I currently see this as a 10x processing method for all metal ores. This will add an
option for increasing yield from ores like Chromium and Rutile in the late game.